CopyNESW:
Copyright (c) 2008-2013, QMT Productions
All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:
 * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
   list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
 * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.
 * Neither the name of QMT Productions nor the names of its contributors may
   be used to endorse or promote products derived from this software without
   specific prior written permission.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT OWNER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE
FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR
SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER
CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY,
OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE
OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.


FTD2xx:
http://www.ftdichip.com/Drivers/D2XX.htm

This software is provided by Future Technology Devices International Limited
``as is'' and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited
to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a particular
purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall future technology devices
international limited be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited to,
procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or profits;
or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of liability,
whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including negligence or
otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this software, even if
advised of the possibility of such damage.

FTDI drivers may be used only in conjunction with products based on FTDI
parts.

FTDI drivers may be distributed in any form as long as license information is
not modified.

If a custom vendor ID and/or product ID or description string are used, it is
the responsibility of the product manufacturer to maintain any changes and
subsequent WHQL re-certification as a result of making these changes.


inpout32:
http://www.logix4u.net

no explicit licence is needed to use this dll for non-commercial applications.